♪ Adventure time ♪
♪ Come on, grab your friends ♪
♪ We'll go to very
distant lands ♪
♪ With Jake the dog
and Finn the human ♪
♪ The fun will never end ♪
♪ It's adventure time ♪
*ADVENTURE TIME*
Season 06   Episode 40
Episode Title:
"Orgalorg"
Sync corrections by srjanapala
Hee hee hee hee.
Oh, man, these things
are gonna make me rich.
It's like a big yarmulke
for the tummy.
Mm.
I think I'll keep this one
for myself.
Hoyt coiture!
Hmm.
Nice.
Ooh, little roomy.
When did that happen?
I am wasting away.
I should probably go polish off
that cheesecake in the fridge.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hmm.
Oh.
Now, what are you guys up to?
Ah, here's my man, Gunther.
You're hanging with
a bad crowd, goontz.
All right, guys, just let me
rescue my cheesecake
and my goontz.
Come on.
Oh, there you are.
A little Gunther,
a little cheesecake...
And a little fork.
You know what, goonty?
I am gonna take my time
with this delicious cake.
Take it real slow.
Mmm.
Oh, getting full.
All right, maybe just
another teeny corner.
Mmm.
What's wrong, Gunther?
Does Gunther want
some cheesecake, too?
No.
Cheesecake is not for penguins,
silly Gunther.
No, no.
You win this round,
Mr. Cheesecake.
I'll just clean up a few crumbs
and leave the rest for tomorrow.
I've had enough for one day.
Gunther!
Oh, my little pal.
Gunther, I love...
That's so true.
I am
the prettiest one here.
Come on, number 5!
Five on number 5 to win!
I feel lucky!
Come on, number 5!
What?
I've got a lot of money riding
on you to win, you jerk!
Come on, you slug!
Ugly, dumb walrus!
Aah!
What did I do to deserve this?!
Gunther!
Gunther, help!
I'm your guest of honor!
I'm a princess, dummy!
Get your mouth off me!
Gunther.
Don't touch my stomach.
Ahhhh.
The signal!
We haven't had a communication
from Orgalorg
in thousands of years!
He must be mad at us!
Everybody kneel!
Better do
as he says, kids.
Mommy, who's Orgalorg?
Oh, well, uh...
Um... to be honest,
we thought he was just a myth
our stupid grandparents
told us
so we wouldn't make out.
Yes.
And you should have listened.
The elders.
Yes, the elders.
The elders!
We told you Orgalorg
is real and horrifying.
But nobody would listen.
You all just wanted
to make out.
Uh, well,
we're listening now.
After you had kids and they
didn't want to listen to you,
how did that make you feel?
- Terrible.
- Exactly.
Anyway, so, make-outs.
Orgalorg.
Oh. Orgalorg.
Orgalorg is an ancient
cosmic entity
who ruled the solar system with
his cruel and deadly whims.
The breaker of worlds.
He was seeking ever more power.
He desired to intercept
a catalyst comet
and absorb its essence.
Thereby did he offend
the king of mars,
who decreed that Orgalorg
should be cast down.
And yes, he was cast down
by the flaming sword
of grob gob glob grod.
Orgalorg was banished
to an inhospitable planet,
where he would forget
everything.
Yea, even forget his identity
and from whence he came.
And the prophets say that
the gravity of the planet
did crush
and compress Orgalorg
into a more powerless
and cuddlesome form.
Ooh!
But now he's back,
and whose fault is that?
Make-outs.
Behold! It is he!
Orgalorg reaches out
from the void!
Huh?
Gunther?
Gunther!
That's a bad boy, Gunther.
You wrecked
daddy's stuff again.
Son, your stuffing's
peeking out.
Okay, Gunther,
let's just...
Boop. Beep.
Bip. Bop.
And a bandage.
See?
You're practically back
to normal, my little goontz.
Here, take a look
for yourself.
Not bad, eh, goonty?
Not bad at all.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org